ancient secrets of the Chukchi throat
singing from Veronica, the evidence immediately introduces
viewer in trance not one year in native
Anadyr and girl studied secrets
shamans ethnic motifs modern
rhythms so in just two minutes she already
became a star this is very interesting in
even the world carry the value I for a long time
believed that this music is the future in general
music is her blood is her food is
what does veronica do this is nano on
good level seems to me to be high
level only not promoted and the names on
the scene where you can embody the most insane
by Ranevskaya group experiments Derila
in the heat for seven years mixing folk with
different musical directions
rock processing black crow and even on
Balalaika such you hear only here
eighty-five russian regions this
not only musical culture
historical map of the country in one only
the presentation of the future stars of every
agree with what is necessary among the Russians
plains
from skyscrapers of big cities beyond ancient temples
when I looked at profiles and I understood that
I'm talking about Russia, I thought I was driving a lot
I know a lot but I can not all go
there is something in every region
incredible on incredible beauty not
can be seen somewhere architectural sights and if
we will now remind all of this with the audience and
they will understand what a great country we are
we live it is also the goal of this project
performer protects not only honor
its
their loved ones but also the honor of their region
Of course it's very exciting but the most
the main thing is that an artist perform that song
which he wants to perform
so that most reveals him
this is an honest contest
The voice of the Russian army in the competition is
He Vyacheslav Montenegrin Sergeant Rocket
division tatischevo that under Saratov
says so not worried on one
combat duty
at all
pancakes
30 min
could not have been the last song about the band in
new star on social networks already
seen for their sick the whole country how much
talented people in our country
Bravo to all contestants of success and good luck
class sorry my countryman didn't pass it all
equal to the best composer maxim
Dunaevskii hour mayor and vergus manjari
world famous people
they decide what came down Johnson
Russian variety of 85 applicants in
the second round was a little more than half and
every stage of the competition will be all
sharper
but the main thing participants say backstage
no intrigue just support so much
he and Russian character
one for hundreds of ethnic groups Igor baldin yak
discuss channel star Moscow